README.md, before:

# QuakeML

## Build status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/anowacki/QuakeML.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/anowacki/QuakeML.jl)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/v0c5uj3s6nf9v026/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/AndyNowacki/quakeml-jl/branch/master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/anowacki/QuakeML.jl/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/anowacki/QuakeML.jl?branch=master)

## What is QuakeML.jl?

QuakeML.jl is a Julia package to read and write information about
earthquakes and seismic events in the
[QuakeML format](https://quake.ethz.ch/quakeml).

## User-facing functions
- `QuakeML.read`: Read a QuakeML file.  (This function is not exported.)
- `QuakeML.readstring`: Read a QuakeML document from a string.  (This 
  function is not exported.)
- `preferred_focal_mechanism`: Get the preferred focal mechanism for an event
- `preferred_magnitude`: Get the preferred magnitude for an event
- `preferred_origin`: Get the preferred origin for an event
- `quakeml`: Create an XML document from a set of events which can
  be written with `print(io, quakeml(qml))`

## Examples

### Reading
To read a QuakeML document on your computer (e.g., one of the ones
supplied with QuakemL.jl), do:
```julia
julia> using QuakeML

julia> qml_file = joinpath(dirname(dirname(pathof(QuakeML))), "test", "data", "nepal_mw7.2.qml");

julia> qml = QuakeML.read(qml_file)
```

To read a set of events from a string:
```julia
julia> QuakeML.readstring(String(read(qml_file)))
```

To write a set of events:
```julia
julia> println("/tmp/quakeml_file.qml", quakeml(qml))
```

Commit message:

Fix bug in preferred_*() functions when there is no preferred ID
If preferred_{focal_mechanism,magnitude,origin}_id was missing,
then this caused an error, whereas we should have just returned
the first focal mechanism, magnitude or origin for that event.

Fix this by doing an identity comparison with ===, which is fine
for ResourceIDs.

README.md, after:

# QuakeML

## Build status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/anowacki/QuakeML.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/anowacki/QuakeML.jl)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/v0c5uj3s6nf9v026/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/AndyNowacki/quakeml-jl/branch/master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/anowacki/QuakeML.jl/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/anowacki/QuakeML.jl?branch=master)

## What is QuakeML.jl?

QuakeML.jl is a Julia package to read and write information about
earthquakes and seismic events in the
[QuakeML format](https://quake.ethz.ch/quakeml).

## User-facing functions
- `QuakeML.read`: Read a QuakeML file.  (This function is not exported.)
- `QuakeML.readstring`: Read a QuakeML document from a string.  (This 
  function is not exported.)
- `preferred_focal_mechanism`: Get the preferred focal mechanism for an event
- `preferred_magnitude`: Get the preferred magnitude for an event
- `preferred_origin`: Get the preferred origin for an event
- `quakeml`: Create an XML document from a set of events which can
  be written with `print(io, quakeml(qml))`

## Examples

### Reading
To read a QuakeML document on your computer (e.g., one of the ones
supplied with QuakeML.jl), do:
```julia
julia> using QuakeML

julia> qml_file = joinpath(dirname(dirname(pathof(QuakeML))), "test", "data", "nepal_mw7.2.qml");

julia> qml = QuakeML.read(qml_file)
```

To read a set of events from a string:
```julia
julia> QuakeML.readstring(String(read(qml_file)))
```

To write a set of events:
```julia
julia> println("/tmp/quakeml_file.qml", quakeml(qml))
```

## Repo status

QuakeML.jl is alpha software.  All functionality included is tested
and should work as advertised, but the public API of the package is
still to be decided and may change before an initial v0.1 release.
